[Marrok] Tell me... everything.
[Lawson] We walked into an ambush.
Most of my team didn't make it out.
[Marrok] Yet. you survived.
Lucky me. right?
[Rook Kast] Imperial forces
are spreading out across the city.
A full lockdown is imminent.
Perhaps we should consider
relocating to another system.
[winces. groans softly]
[Maul] No. not yet.
Stick to the plan.
Yes. My Lord.
[Chief] You're aware
this is not going to go well?
[Lawson] It was my mission that failed.
I'll take the blame.
Could be worse.
It's not like we were harboring Jedi.
[Rook Kast] Is this about the girl?
She tried to kill you.
[Maul] An admirable attempt.
She will make an excellent apprentice.
[Master Daki] We can't leave the city.
-[stormtrooper 1] Freeze!
-[people exclaim]
[Master Daki] It's best
if we find a safe place to hide.
[Devon] Where. Master?
We don't exactly have
a lot of contacts here.
[Master Daki] We only need one.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[ships whirring]
[breathing deeply]
[♪ tense. rhythmic music playing]
[breathing rapidly]
[exhales]
[continues breathing rapidly]
My Lord. there is something
you should see.
[♪ unsettling music playing]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
Your son was kind enough to invite us in
while we waited for you.
Great. Tea time is over.
You need to go. Now.
Dad? What... What's going on?
Devon.
Perhaps you and the captain's son
could give us a moment.
[sighs softly]
All right.
Rylee. let's let the grownups talk.
Yeah. sure.
Uh. come on.
Make sure she doesn't steal anything.
Do you know what the Empire
will do to me. to Rylee.
if they find out
we're even talking to you?
I imagine it would not be dissimilar
to what they planned for Devon and myself.
Perhaps it's time I explained.
My name is Jedi Master Eeko-Dio Daki.
My Padawan. Devon. and I barely survived
what could only be described
as a purge of the Jedi Order.
We were only passing through your world.
But the arrival of the Empire
has complicated matters.
We are simply looking
for a place to take refuge.
There is nothing simple
about what you just told me.
Perhaps you have insight
into smuggling routes.
criminal passages.
anything that could help us.
[sighs wearily]
Look. I'm no friend of the Empire.
believe me.
But I've got a kid to think about.
I'm sorry.
Nice room.
[objects rustling]
Is that your mom?
What? Oh. yeah.
She and Dad. they. uh...
They're not together right now.
She got a job working for the Empire
on Coruscant.
uh. but I stayed here.
You know. I've got school and the team.
What. like sports?
You don't know botekin?
You must not have grown up
around here. then.
It's... It's pretty popular.
[chuckles softly]
Yeah. I'm pretty sure my life growing up
was a little different than yours.
Yeah.
[Lawson] The Empire sent someone
to interrogate me about Maul.
I heard one of the troopers
call him an Inquisitor.
What did you tell him?
Nothing about you. obviously.
They let me go.
but I don't know if he believed me.
[whirring nearby]
[♪ tense music playing]
Devon. we must leave. Now.
-Jedi.
-[Devon grunts]
-No. wait.
-Rylee. get back!
-Run!
-[Lawson] Come on!
[lightsabers buzzing]
Who is that? Are they Jedi?
What's happening?
This keeps getting better.
Come on.
[Devon grunting]
Protect them.
-Master. but I--
-Go!
[grunting]
[♪ tense music continues]
[groans]
[stormtrooper] Freeze! Stop right there!
Stand down! Drop your weapon!
Dad. it's the Empire. What are you doing?
Rylee. stay down!
Hey. Lawson.
Maybe the roof wasn't the best plan.
Maybe showin' up on my doorstep
wasn't the best plan.
[stormtroopers groaning]
[lasers firing]
-Hit her!
-[Devon grunts loudly]
[stormtrooper groans]
[Devon grunting]
Devon. transport. now!
[stormtrooper over speakers]
Stand down. or we will open fire.
[grunting]
What the...
[screams]
Onto the ship.
[♪ tense music continues]
-[Devon gasps softly]
-[lightsaber whooshes]
You ever flown one of these before?
Not exactly.
Go over it. Over it!
You want to fly this thing?
Yes. You're gonna get us ki--
[screams]
[groans]
You were saying?
[sighs softly]
[Lawson grunts]
That little maneuver
won't lose him for long.
You know they can track this thing. right?
None of this makes any sense.
Why is the Empire after us?
The Empire isn't
what you think it is. son. [grunts]
[♪ tense music playing]
[Lawson grunts]
Hang on!
[lasers firing]
[Devon grunts]
Hurry! They're coming back around.
[♪ tense music continues]
[announcer over PA] Imperial Registration
is the best proven policy in the galaxy.
[indistinct chatter]
I didn't expect this
to escalate so quickly.
[Two-Boots] The Empire appears
to greatly value efficiency.
which I find commendable.
Also. they are especially eager
to share their resources.
Look at all the support we are receiving.
I suspect that Captain Lawson will see
that this was the right decision
in the end.
Why. perhaps he'll even be pleased.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[Lieutenant Blake sighs]
Captain Brander Lawson
wanted by the Empire for treason.
Use of deadly force has been authorized.
Careful to not follow
your superior's lead.
[scoffs] Those are not
standard-issue. droid.
Get rid of them.
[♪ suspenseful music continues]
[announcer over PA] Attention. citizens.
Off-world travel has been
temporarily halted by order of the Empire.
All civilian vessels are grounded
until further notice.
[thudding]
Off-world travel has been
temporarily halted by the order...
The Empire now knows we are Jedi.
They won't stop hunting us
even if we get out of the city.
Yeah? You think?
[announcement continues indistinctly]
Well. then. where are we going. Lawson?
I've got someone who might be able
to get us off the planet.
She is not going
to be happy about it. though.
[aliens chattering]
[staff] Of course. Certainly.
There you are.
Wonderful to see you.
[Sul sighs]
Lawson.
[speaking alien language]
What did you do now?
Long story.
[sighs wearily] Follow me.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[speaking alien language]
[devices whirring]
Brought your kid. huh?
And them? Do I even want to know?
No.
Rheena. we need transport off-world.
Where?
Somewhere the Empire is not.
Good luck with that.
With the kouhun's nest
that's been stirred up out there.
there's heat on everyone right now.
Hey. you know I wouldn't come to you
if I wasn't desperate.
Please.
[sighs in exasperation]
I'll see what I can do.
[♪ foreboding music playing]
[Spybot] Impy's getting closer.
Trashy droid.
[Spybot speaking droid gibberish]
Imperial troops engage targets
in Sector 9.
[♪ foreboding music continues]
You're going out there
to save the girl from the Jedi hunter.
This is an opportunity.
The strongest metal
is forged at the crucible.
And if she fails?
She need only prove her resilience.
and she will find me her ally.
[indistinct conversation]
You know this woman?
I've heard my dad mention her.
They used to work together.
She's one of his informants.
Supposedly.
[indistinct conversation continues]
Are you certain we can trust your friend?
Sul and I go way back.
Before I was a detective.
I traveled around a bit.
She was a bounty hunter at the time.
We got into a scrape on Catalor.
It went as bad as it can go.
I'm only alive because of her.
and she's only alive because of me.
[♪ ominous music playing]
Rylee. time to go.
Wait here. Let me handle this.
And in case this gets messy. run.
I'd get ready to run.
[stormtrooper leader] Fan out.
Search and detain.
May I help you?
-I'm the owner of this establishment.
-[stormtrooper leader] With me.
Did you not hear?
Hey! Get your hands off me!
[♪ ominous music continues]
So much for that.
Rylee. into the lift!
[♪ tense music playing]
[lightsaber whooshes]
[stormtroopers screaming]
You stay with Devon.
-Dad! Dad!
-I'll be right behind you.
What about my dad?
We'll find your dad.
But right now we've got to go.
[stormtrooper 1] Sector 5. send transport.
[stormtrooper leader] Cover the exits!
Squads are engaging the fugitives inside.
[stormtrooper 1] Acknowledged.
[♪ tense music continues]
[♪ sinister music playing]
[♪ tense music playing]
[♪ tense music continues]
[stormtroopers groaning]
Messy enough for you. Captain?
-[stormtrooper 1] What?
-[stormtroopers groaning]
[stormtrooper 2] There they are!
Where's Rylee?
Devon is well-trained.
She will protect your son.
You have my word.
Your word?
Is that supposed to make me feel better?
-Yes.
-Well. it doesn't.
[♪ tense music continues]
[blasters firing]
[Spybot] Oh. Hello.
Going to find you.
[laughs]
Scan the chaos.
[humming]
Wait!
Smile.
[announcer over PA]
Please watch your step.
We have to find my dad.
-[lightsaber whooshes]
-[♪ sinister music playing]
Keep moving! The... the train. Go!
What? No. I... I can't leave you.
Rylee. go! Go!
[♪ tense music playing]
[Devon grunts. yells]
[♪ tense music continues]
Devon!
[Devon grunting]
[lightsabers buzzing]
[Devon straining]
[Devon yells]
[Devon grunting and yelling]
[groans]
[screams]
[Devon grunting]
[Devon straining]
[Devon panting]
[Marrok] Where is Maul?
Tell me.
I'm right here.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[Marrok] So it's true. You live.
[both grunting]
[Marrok] You will all be dealt with.
[Maul grunts]
[Marrok grunts]
[both grunting]
[exhales deeply]
[Maul chuckles. yells]
[Maul straining]
[Devon grunts]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
Now you have seen the face
of your true enemy.
[ships whirring]
[♪ suspenseful music continues]
[doors whirring]
[hologram warbling]
[Marrok] My Lord. I can confirm
the presence of Maul.
He is more dangerous than we suspected.
It seems he is in league with two Jedi.
How shall I proceed?
[♪ closing theme music playing]